the heartbreak story of facebook ceo
mark zuckerberg
who initiated the creation of one of the
biggest social media
facebook the story begins at harvard
university
where mark who was still a student at
that time was chatting with his
girlfriend
erica albright erica is a good woman
even though mark's chats were often
difficult to understand
erica remains faithful to listen to
mark's chats but unfortunately mark
does not seem to appreciate erica's
chats so in the end erica becomes
annoyed
and ends her relationship with mark a
heartbroken mark then returned to his
dorm at harvard
he showed his frustration to erica by
writing an article on his personal blog
he wrote down all of erica's disgrace
like the size of her small breast
and said that erica is a [ __ ] at that
moment
mark immediately got the idea to create
a site called facemash.com
which is a site to review every woman on
the harvard campus based on her sexiness
then came mark's friend named eduardo he
came to mark
after he read the blog post that mark
had just made
with a hard intent to comfort his friend
who is heartbroken
eduardo is even invited by mark to help
him complete the face mash site that
mark will create
eduardo had doubts because the site had
the potential to make him hostile to all
the women on campus
but finally he agreed to join mark and
gave mark an
algorithm which could be used for the
face mashmark site
apart from eduardo two of their friends
joined them too
then they hacked the campus official
website to get pictures of women
all over the campus once completed
the site was immediately released by
mark and his three friends the site
immediately boomed
and gained a lot of users meanwhile
erica finally reads the writing on
mark's blog she immediately bursts into
tears because she feels harassed
and the worst thing is that she is being
bullied by men at the campus
mark who had just released his face
mashed there was immediately opposed by
all the women on campus
because they all felt humiliated by mark
another problem also came to mark where
he was forced to a trial by the campus
for hacking into the campus site
but instead of apologizing he was proud
of himself
for having hacked a harvard class site
mark was finally suspended by the campus
for six months
and the news reached the ears of cameron
taylor and diva
who were building a social media site
which they named harvard connection
the three of them intend to invite mark
to join the three of them then explained
the concept of harvard connection they
made
from the explanation mark said that
there is nothing special about harvard
connection
the site will be exactly the same as
myspace but only with a different label
even so mark still joined them but it
did not last long
because finally mark himself left and
decided to create his own social media
site
he again invited eduardo to join because
he knew that eduardo can fund the
project he is planning
mark tries to convince eduardo with the
plan he has
he explains that the site he will create
is somewhat similar to the face mash he
previously created
but this time it doesn't use illegal
hack data but users will fill in their
own data themselves on that site
finally eduardo decided to join and fund
the mark project
he gave mark 1 200 us dollars to start
the project
long story short the site was
successfully created by mark on january
2004 and he named the site as the
facebook
however after a month running mark was
not satisfied with the results he got
from his new site
because he felt something was missing
from the site
finally he accidentally got a brilliant
idea when his friend asked
whether mark's friend named stephanie
has a boyfriend or not
instantly mark ran to his house to add a
status column on the facebook user's
page
that is what finally perfected the
facebook and the facebook was finally
released to the public
the facebook went viral immediately
after it's released
almost all harvard students became the
facebook users
and now people make the facebook as of
their main social media to interact with
people
to strive for further development of the
facebook mark
eduardo and his girlfriend christy came
to sean parker
ceo of a legal music download site
netster.com
he will collaborate with mark and
eduardo to develop the facebook site
but it seems that eduardo doesn't like
sean because he has bad ethics
before sean left the meeting he asked
mark and eduardo to get rid of the word
on the facebook
just be facebook and since then the
facebook changed its name to facebook
it turns out that eduardo's suspicion is
right sean
has a bad influence on facebook he
teaches mark a glamorous lifestyle
in addition he instigated mark to get
eduardo out of the team
but mark did not immediately comply with
sean's request
despite the bad influence that sean
brought he managed to expand facebook to
the world
and facebook also got a big investment
for the first time
which amounted to half a million dollars
but unfortunately
sean finally managed to instigate mark
to get eduardo out of the team
and knowing this eduardo was immediately
angry with mark
he did not expect that mark would prefer
to be on the side of sean parker who has
many relationships
rather than choosing his own best friend
disappointed
eduardo finally left the facebook office
mark also felt that something was
missing from facebook even though at
that time
they had managed to get one million
users from all over the world
in order to make things even mark
finally came up with a way to get sean
off facebook
that is when sean was having a drug
party mark purposely called the police
to come to the party to arrest sean and
finally
mark became the sole ceo of the company
facebook at the expense of many things
from his ex erica the harvard connection
trio sean parker
and also his own best friend eduardo
at the end of the story mark zuckerberg
faces lawsuits from the harvard
connection trio
regarding the stealing of the harvard
connection idea to build facebook
as well as a lawsuit from eduardo but in
the end they all reconciled
the harvard trio and eduardo did not
continue their lawsuit against mark
this film ends with a scene showing mark
inviting his ex
erica to become his friend on facebook